## CONFIDENTIALITY AND HIPAA CONSENT

THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW YOUR MEDICAL INFORMATION MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY. This Confidentiality and HIPAA Consent (this “Consent”) is entered into in conjunction with the Holistic Coaching Services Agreement (the “Agreement”) between TERIOS WELLNESS SPA (the “Coach”) and you, the client whose name appears in the signature line (the “Client”).

1. Confidentiality. Any information the Client discloses to the Coach in connection with the Holistic Coaching (as defined in the Agreement) will be kept strictly confidential in accordance with professional nursing requirements, subject to the following terms and conditions.

2. HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices. HIPAA requires the Holistic Coach to safeguard the Client’s protected health information (PHI) which includes any information that could reasonably identify the Client, including data about health conditions, the Coaching Services and payment for those services. Under HIPAA, the Holistic Coach may use and disclose Client’s PHI for the following reasons:

1. Treatment. To coordinate care, the Holistic Coach may disclose the Client’s PHI to physicians, psychiatrists, psychologists and other licensed health care providers who are involved with the Client’s care.

2. Business Operation. For efficient business operations, the Coach may disclose the Client’s PHI; for example, to evaluate the Coach’s performance, to ensure the Coach is in compliance with applicable laws, for appointment reminders and health related benefits or services.

3. Payment. To bill and collect payment for the Holistic Coach Coaching, the Holistic Coach may use or disclose the Client’s PHI.

3. Obligatory Disclosures. Generally, Holistic Coaches may be listed in most, if not all, mandatory reporting statutes. Mandatory reporting statutes include child abuse and neglect reporting statutes, medical neglect of children and the elderly, elder abuse in the community or in nursing homes reporting laws, and domestic violence. The Holistic Coach may disclose PHI in the following circumstances, and as required by law:

1. Danger. Disclosure is compelled or permitted by the fact that the Client are in such a mental or emotional condition as to be dangerous to the Client or the person or property of others, and the Holistic Coach determines that disclosure is necessary to prevent the threatened danger.

2. Abuse. Disclosure is mandated by the child abuse/neglect reporting laws or the elder/dependent adult abuse reporting laws. If the Holistic Coach has a reasonable suspicion that abuse or neglect has occurred, the Holistic Coach must report.

3. Public Health. To prevent and control disease, including communicable disease, the Holistic Coach may be obligated to share your PHI.

4. Lawsuit. If a lawsuit is filed against the Holistic Coach or other legal proceeding, the Holistic Coach may be required to disclose PHI by court of law, arbitration panel, taxing authority, and as part of the Holistic Coach’s defense in court, or if an arbitrator or arbitration panel compels disclosure when arbitration is lawfully requested.

5. Oversight. Disclosure may be made when required or permitted to a health oversight agency for oversight activities authorized by law.

4. Disclosures to family, friends, or others. The Holistic Coach may provide the Client’s PHI to a family member, friend or other individuals with the Client’s consent. The Client has the right to object in whole or part and the Holistic Coach must reasonably comply. Retroactive consent may be obtained in emergency situations.

5. Additional, Optional Disclosures. By signing this Confidentiality and HIPAA Disclosure Agreement, the Client consent to the following disclosures:

1. Business Associates. The Holistic Coach may disclose the Client’s PHI to its business associates. The Holistic Coach will have contracted with entities (defined as “business associates” under HIPAA) to help us administer the Coaching Services. The Holistic Coach will enter into contracts with these entities requiring them to only use and disclose the Client’s health information as we are permitted to do so under HIPAA.

2. Marketing Purposes. For marketing purposes, the Holistic Coach may use and publish any testimonials, reviews, quotes, or other communications regarding the Services made by you. The Holistic Coach will not share any details related to your health.

6. Client Rights.

1. Revocation of Written Authorization. By signing below, the Client agrees to the above authorizations. The Client’s signed authorization to disclose the Client’s PHI, may later be revoked in writing to stop future disclosures.

2. Copies. The Client has the right to inspect and request copies of the Client’s PHI. The Client may request the Client’s information in writing and the Holistic Coach will respond within 30 days. If the Holistic Coach must deny the Client’s request, the Holistic Coach will give the Client reasons for the denial in writing. The Client is entitled to a list of the disclosures of the Client’s PHI that the Holistic Coach has made upon 60 days’ notice. This will not include disclosures that the Client has authorized.

3. Amendments. If the Client believes there is an error in the Client’s PHI, the Client has the right to request that the Holistic Coach correct information or add missing information. Client’s request for this amendment just be made in writing and the Holistic Coach must respond within 60 days. The Holistic Coach may deny the Client’s request if the Holistic Coach finds that the PHI is complete and correct or may not be disclosed. The Holistic Coach’s written denial must explain the reasons for the denial and the Client’s right to file a written objection. If the Client does not file a written objection, the Client will still have the right to ask that the Client’s request and the Holistic Coach’s denial be attached to any future disclosures. If the Holistic Coach agrees to make changes to the Client’s PHI, the Holistic Coach will also advise all others who need to know that the changes have been made.

7. Complaints. If the Client feels the Coach has violated the Client’s privacy rights or if the Client objects to a decision the Coach has made about access to the Client’s PHI, the Client is entitled to file a complaint with us directly at: [insert contact info]. The Client can also file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights by sending a letter to 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201, calling 1-877-696-6775. The Coach will not retaliate against the Client for filing a complaint.
