## HOLISTIC COACHING AGREEMENT

This Holistic Coaching Agreement (this “Agreement”) is between TERIOS WELLNESS SPA (the “Coach”) and the client whose name appears in the signature line (the “Client”). The Client and Coach are referred to as the “Parties”, and each a “Party”). This Agreement is Effective as of the date specified in that attached Statement of Work. The Parties agree as follows:

1. Holistic Coaching. The Coach is not a licensed nurse in the Client's state. Nothing communicated to the Client by the Coach shall constitute medical advice. Client should consult a medical professional for all medical issues. The Coach shall provide the Client holistic coaching, which will involve direct and personal conversations conducted via scheduled face-to-face, video, or phone appointments. This may include, but is not limited to, one or more of the following: creation/ development of personal, professional, emotional, spiritual, mental, physical, and lifestyle goals and to design and carry out a strategy/plan for achieving those goals; identifying and addressing specific personal struggles, professional issues, or general physiological conditions; value clarification, brainstorming, identifying plans of action, examining modes of operation in life, asking clarifying questions, and making empowering requests or suggestions for action (collectively, “Holistic Coaching”).

2. Client Obligations. Coaching is a collaborative process. In order for it to be successful, the Client acknowledges that they:

1. Must be punctual, present, and undistracted during the coaching sessions;

2. Must invest time and energy in the Holistic Coaching sessions;

3. Must independently complete reflections and assignments and provide their full attention and energy to these assignments, as they are a valuable part of the Coaching process; and

4. May choose to disclose details of their past or present psychological, psychiatric, and/or medical history or treatment.

3. Session Scheduling. The Holistic Coaching sessions will be scheduled in advance at mutually agreed upon dates and times. To cancel a scheduled Holistic Coaching session, the Client must provide the Coach at least 48-hours’ written notice (via e-mail or text) in order to be eligible for a reschedule. Missed appointments or cancellations within the 48-hour window will results in forfeiture of the coaching session. A particular session can only be rescheduled once Of course, life happens, and emergencies do come up. In these cases, exceptions may be considered at the Coach’s discretion. The Coach reserves the right to cancel and reschedule coaching sessions as needed, and will provide as much notice to the Client as possible.

4. Fees and Expenses.

1. Fees. Client shall pay the Coach the fees set out in the attached “Statement of Work.” Unless otherwise provided, fees will be payable upon receipt of invoice and in no event more than three (3) days thereafter.

2. Late Payments. Payments more than three (3) days overdue late. All late payments shall bear simple interest at 1%. The Coach may suspend the Holistic Coaching when a payment is late.

3. Refund Policy. All fees paid by Client to Coach under the Agreement are non-refundable. The Client is responsible for communicating any dissatisfaction with Holistic Coaching with the Coach as soon as possible. Prompt communication will allow the Coach to restructure the Holistic Coaching strategy accordingly.

5. NO WARRANTY. THE CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE OR SHE IS UNIQUE AND THAT THE COACH CANNOT AND DOES NOT PROMISE OR GUARANTEE ANY RESULT. THE COACH PLAYS THE ROLE OF A FACILITATOR OF CHANGE, BUT IT IS THE CLIENT'S RESPONSIBILITY TO ENACT OR BRING ABOUT THE CHANGE. AS SUCH, THE COACH MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AND THE HOLISTIC COACHING IS PROVIDED AS-IS. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.

6. Intellectual Property. All intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, know-how and other confidential information, trade dress, trade names, logos shall be owned by the Coach. The Coach grants Client a limited, non-exclusive, personal license to use all such intellectual property free of additional charge for personal purposes only. Such license is subject to revocation by the Coach at will. The Client may not share the Coach’s intellectual property.

7. Confidentiality. The Parties agree to the attached Confidentiality and HIPAA Disclosure Consent, attached hereto and incorporated herein.

8. Release of Liability. The Client acknowledges that the Holistic Coaching services are not provided in lieu of other professional medical services. Client hereby releases and holds harmless the Coach from any and all liability, damages, claims, causes of action whatsoever resulting from the Holistic Coaching in accordance with the Liability Release, attached hereto and incorporated herein..

9. Term, Termination, and Survival.

1. Term. This Agreement shall commence as of the date the Agreement has been signed by all parties, (the “Effective Date”) and shall continue for the Initial Term specified in the Statements of Work, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 9.2 – 9.4.

2. Default. Either Party may terminate this Agreement, effective upon sending written notice to the other Party (the “Defaulting Party”). With respect to a material breach capable of cure, the Defaulting Party may cure such breach to the satisfaction of the other Party within ten (10) days after receipt of notice.

3. Early Termination by Coach. Notwithstanding any language above to the contrary, the Coach may terminate this Agreement before the end of the Initial Term on written notice if either (a) the Client fails to pay or (b) the Coach, in its sole discretion, feels the relationship will not lead to a positive outcome for the Client. If the Coach terminates this Agreement before the expiration of the Initial Terms, the Coach will refund the Client a proportional amount of money under the circumstances, as determined in the Coach‘s sole and absolute discretion.

4. Early Termination by Client. Notwithstanding any language above to the contrary, the Client may terminate this Agreement prior to the expiration of the Initial Term; provided, however, such termination shall be effective upon receipt by the Coach of an early termination fee equal to two (2) times the monthly fee.

5. Survival. The rights and obligations of the parties set forth in Sections 6 - 9, and any right or obligation of the parties in this Agreement will survive any such termination or expiration of this Agreement.

10.Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including and together with any related Statements of Work, Confidentiality and HIPAA Consent, Liability Release, exhibits, schedules, attachments and appendices, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, regarding such subject matter.

11.Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction, is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall be unenforceable.

12.Amendments. No amendment to or modification of this Agreement is effective unless it is in writing, identified as an amendment to this Agreement and signed by each Party.

13.Waiver. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof.

14.Relationship of the Parties. The Coach is a self-employed independent contractor.

15.Choice of Law. This Agreement and all related documents, and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement, whether sounding in contract, tort, or statute are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of [STATE].

16.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY EXHIBITS, SCHEDULES, ATTACHMENTS OR APPENDICES ATTACHED TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

17.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which is deemed an original, but all of which together are deemed to be one and the same agreement.